AI File uploading: 
make the files that a user uploads keep all tags when uploaded to llama.  Specifically the UserId 
Make everyone have a separate account for the chatbot but the files they can search are public.
make the search find the userId AND the privacy flag

Finish the Daat routes

RAG Docs: https://medium.com/@ingridwickstevens/chat-with-your-audio-locally-a-guide-to-rag-with-whisper-ollama-and-faiss-6656b0b40a68
https://www.assemblyai.com/blog/javascript-audio-transcript/

Docs: 
Mongodb local server: https://www.prisma.io/dataguide/mongodb/setting-up-a-local-mongodb-database#debian-and-ubuntu




Find out how to transcribe audio and video to text to store in documents

Write documentation for "view" routes.

Currently working on: creating a delete api for pools to delete associated files, needs testing

Add ability to download files (low priority) 

Add reaction routes for likes

slogan: ©Where your story becomes His-Story

pipe data from video compression to GridFs
Make files store original file date before running it through middleware

Add "manage" routes for editing file data

Fix the username and tag fields to update with user input.  I don't know why they won't
Fix the spacing on the usernameSelector plus icon

Add thumbnail support

Finish create create-pool page

Fix the search routes returning the actual vote data instead of just the voteCount

Add support for deleting files

Add an error page

make a command that cleans the database.  
stop the server and make sure no files are uploading.
then, look for any documents that have a status of "uploading".
Look at their fileid's, if they don't exist, then delete the actual document linking to the file.

Fix issue with large video files not playing.  Likely to do with the metadata not being at the beginning of the file.
Create a new middleware that will properly encode mp4 files for file streaming.

Find a way to make the add journal entry form only return the journal entries for the current date and user.



Create separate routes to start a transcription, and a function for actually generate one.
Then return to the frontend with the message saying that it is in the queue while it transcribes in the background when it gets a chance.

Make pools searchable to let users search for journals
FIX time issues for server, it collides with having different server timezones

Next feature to add is deleting


Add support for changing color themes

Color palette:

Dark-theme:
Royal-purple: 7e22ce
Violet-blaze: 8d43ad 
Lavender-haze: a66abe
Lilac-mist: d2b5de
Golden-glow: f1c40e

Light-theme:
#9a72c6
#b377d6
#c9a3df
#ebe1f2
#ffe078